Song: "TryIt A.I. Blues" -- old-school blues introducing AI Agent for skeptics (TryIt-AI) 

Created: 2025-09-21 by Isak Griffiths using SUNO AI (paid version) 

About the Lyrics: Collaboratively developed by Isak Griffiths and Claude.ai 

About the Song: When Isak successfully created and posted her first AI Agent, she was so giddy she wrote a song! She developed a comprehensive concept and asked Claude to draft lyrics for a blues song from the concept. Then Isak reworked the lyrics, tested serveral versions, and finalized these lyrics for Suno, with a detailed description of what she wanted the music, instrumentals, and vocals to be. The music? Honoring and embracing the ability of raw blues with world class guitar to make every story feel like your story. The essence of the music prompt, "A 'I am not so sure about all this' song in a raw B, B, King style; slow; soulful, world class blues guitar; voice is a deep base filled with gravel, and he is singing a powerful story that makes you feel love and hope for yourself and for the future."

About the video: A dragonfly made of computer electronic parts over a black backgroud. The lyrics appear superimposed over the image. 

Why it's on the landing page: Because it's fun. Because it's about TryIt Ai. And because it helps describe why Isak Grifiths created the app and what she hopes the app means to people. 

LYRICS 

Verse 1: 
Well, they say that machine gonna steal my soul 
Lord, they say that machine gonna steal my soul 
Replace my heart with some digital coal 
And leave me empty, leave me cold

Verse 2: 
Been hearin' nothin' but lies and schemes 
Yeah, been hearin' nothin' but lies and schemes 
All them robots sellin' me broken dreams 
While they're learnin' how to think like me 

Chorus: 
There's this little app keeps talkin' to me 
Askin' what I need, what I really need 
We had ourselves a conversation, long and deep 
Yeah, we talked about the troubles that keep me from sleep 
Maybe some tech can help us along 
Without stealin' what makes us free 

Chorus: 
Try it A.I., that's what it said 
One small thing can reduce the dread 
One small thing that actually works 
Helpin' me do better…….. in thinking…. like me 

Mini Verse: 
Been hearin' nothin' but lies and schemes 
But now I'm fillin' my heart with some digital dreams 

[Outro] 
Well, they say that machine gonna 
Replace my heart with some digital coal 
But maybe, must maybe, there is tech in my soul 
But maybe, must maybe, there's some tech in my soul

